hey ron zimmerman boxing i'm doing a
little review of this figure which is
the ruthless aggression series salsa
edge first i was going to keep this in
the box and you know save it but the box
will be honest with ya pretty buses and
film it up it's all got this sticker on
my car pick it off so I thought I'd
unboxings bed and do a review for this
you get the mic so it can run is now
so first impressions pretty good the
likeness is very much like him I think
one of the closest I've seen to be
honest with you he's probably not
actually this ripped and you know so
even do the tattoos are actually pretty
good part from like this one its own
life full when you actually listed arm
up for their otherwise like pop it's all
stays that so you got to tuck you under
there as well and articulation is like
me foot um die set all this other good
stuff and its head move side to side a
little bit up and down I should climb up
and Marcus is another
so I think it's pretty good life
actually as I say probably not revert to
this but you know another thing which I
don't understand with this actually is
he comes with a mic a mic but where is
he supposed to hold it was it going here
no it doesn't stay in there you could
try and put it in lab it will whack and
he's got closed fist on the side why
give him something he can't hold that
seems a bit pointless to me yeah a
little bit of damage over there so the
paint works good but yeah main issue
that i have is the microphone and such
that he can't use it seems a bit stupid
but yes got the ass down on the
lightning bolt ah yeah but her i think
is not perfect it's not the right color
i don't think but you know like this
wise i think it's pretty much bang off
and it's done easily as well it's a good
thing those these arms will go all the
way down you know that maybe it up cuz
he's mad to be so bulky so now but yeah
that's my little review of the radar
super star edge in microphone that i
can't use so take it over for watching
and I will see